doc: nrf5340_audio: Change documentation to fit BAP implementation (#8151)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

Both synchronization methods use the SDU reference timestamps (:c:type:`sdu_ref`) as the reference variable.
If the device is a gateway that is :ref:`using I2S as audio source <nrf53_audio_app_overview_architecture_i2s>` and the stream is unidirectional (gateway to headsets), :c:type:`sdu_ref` is continuously being extracted from the LE Audio Controller Subsystem for nRF53 on the gateway.
These :c:type:`sdu_ref` values are then sent to the gateway's synchronization module, and used to do drift compensation.

> This extraction of :c:type:`sdu_ref` happens inside the :file:`le_audio_xxx_gateway` files' send function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extraction of :c:type:`sdu_ref` happens inside the :file:`le_audio_xxx_gateway` files' send function.
```
What does `xxx` stand for?

Author: Changed to suggested

> This extraction of :c:type:`sdu_ref` happens inside the :file:`le_audio_xxx_gateway` files' send function.

Reviewer: Also, _headset.c file is missing from the doc description.

Author: What do you mean by "_headset.c file is missing from the doc description"?

Reviewer: I mean that with the old version of the docs, we had all files mentioned. Now, we have le_audio_bis/cis_gateway.c mentioned in the docs and these and _headset.c in the figure, but the documentation is missing the mention of _headset.c.

Author: This is fixed by the commit made by greg-fer

nRF5340 Audio configuration files
=================================

The nRF5340 Audio application uses Kconfig.defaults files to change configuration defaults automatically dependent on the different application versions and device types.

Only one :file:`.conf` file is included when building. The :file:`prj.conf` file is the default configuration file,
and it implements the debug application version. For the release application version the :file:`prj_release.conf` configuration file should be included.
In the release application version no debug features are enabled.

When building using the command line it must be explicitly specified if :file:`prj_release.conf` is going to be included in stead of :file:`prj.conf`.

> See :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_building` for more details.

Author: Made changes as suggested. Changed to "you need to include" in both.

nRF5340 Audio configuration files
=================================

The nRF5340 Audio application uses :file:`Kconfig.defaults` files to change configuration defaults automatically, based on the different application versions and device types.

Only one :file:`.conf` file is included when building.
The :file:`prj.conf` file is the default configuration file and it implements the debug application version.
For the release application version, you need to include the :file:`prj_release.conf` configuration file.
In the release application version no debug features are enabled.

> 

Reviewer: To @greg-fer : include information about _headset and _gateway files and their relation to BT. They handle BT connection and events and funnel the data to the relevant audio modules. The selection happens at compile time with a specific flag (see below).

I'll write a draft for Erik to review.

|lc3_codec_access_note|

> If you decide to use the open-source SBC codec, you also need to change the application's Kconfig configuration by adding the ``CONFIG_SW_CODEC_SBC`` Kconfig option set to ``y``  to the :file:`prj.conf` file for debug version and the :file:`prj_release.conf` file for release version.

Author: Changed to suggested

.. _nrf53_audio_app_configuration_select_bis:

Selecting the BIS mode
======================

The CIS mode is the default operating mode for the application.

> You can switch to the BIS mode by adding the ``CONFIG_TRANSPORT_BIS`` Kconfig option set to ``y``  to the :file:`prj.conf` file for debug version and the :file:`prj_release.conf` file for release version.

Author: Changed to suggested

In the default configuration, the gateway application uses the USB serial port as the audio source.
The :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_building` and :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_testing` steps also refer to using the USB serial connection.

> You can switch to using the I2S serial connection by adding the ``CONFIG_AUDIO_SOURCE_I2S`` Kconfig option set to ``y``  to the :file:`prj.conf` file for debug version and the :file:`prj_release.conf` file for release version.

Author: Changed to suggested

Complete the following steps to build the application:

1. Choose the combination of build flags:

   a. Choose the device type by using one of the following options:

      * For headset device: ``-DCONFIG_AUDIO_DEV=1``
      * For gateway device: ``-DCONFIG_AUDIO_DEV=2``

   #. Choose the application version by using one of the following options:

      * For debug version: No build flag needed.

>       * For release version: ``-DCONF_FILE=prj_release.conf``

Author: Changed to suggested

      nrfjprog --program build/zephyr/zephyr.hex --coprocessor CP_APPLICATION --sectorerase -r

>    :file:`build/zephyr/zephyr.hex` is the HEX binary file for the application core.
>    If a custom build folder is specified the path to this folder must be used in stead of :file:`build/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this command, :file:`build/zephyr/zephyr.hex` is the HEX binary file for the application core.
   If a custom build folder is specified, the path to this folder must be used instead of :file:`build/`.
```

Author: Changed to suggested

#. Search the list of audio devices listed in the sound settings of your operating system for *nRF5340 USB Audio* (gateway) and select it as the output device.
#. Connect headphones to the **HEADPHONE** audio jack on both headset devices.
#. Start audio playback on your PC from any source.

> #. Wait for **LED1** to blink blue on both headsets.
>    Now the audio stream has started on both headsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Wait for **LED1** to blink blue on both headsets.
   When it does, the audio stream has started on both headsets.
```

Author: Changed to "When they do"

Application configuration sources
=================================

The application configuration source file defines a set of options used by the nRF5340 Audio application.

> This is a :file:`.conf` file that modify the default Kconfig values defined in the Kconfig files.

Author: Changed to suggested

Only one :file:`.conf` file is included at a time. The :file:`prj.conf` file is the default configuration file,
and it implements the debug application version. For the release application version the :file:`prj_release.conf` configuration file is included.

> In the release application version no debug features should be enabled.

Author: Changed to suggested
